in theory I'm the target market for this
product I'm supposed to be transported
back to a time in my teenage years when
having a Nokia 3210 would have made me
the Envy of all the call girls and drug
dealers at my high school and in theory
there's a lot to like here if what
you're after is the durability and
Battery longevity of these classic
phones but with some Modern Creature
Comforts like
say not having to carry around a
proprietary charging brick it's got USBC
charging 3 1/2 mm Jack so you can play
your music Tunes uh integrated camera
how many megapixels two megapixels does
have a flash and of course the
convenience of T9 texting o heyy look at
that oh I guess it's going to need a
battery first you might be wondering who
hmd is Nokia is one of those kind of
zombie Brands where theoretically the
trademark is still owned by Nokia
corporation but the brand has been liced
by another company kind of like how you
might see something from RCA on the
Shelf dude RCA in its original form
hasn't existed in a very very long time
in terms of included accessories this is
pretty much it USBC charger um H yep I
won't be able to use that one but you
might rechargeable 5 1/2 W hour lithium
ion battery ooh does it have a micro SD
slot it totally does and dual SIM
capabilities how does this thing have
features that my flagship device doesn't
what's the cost on this
$95 all right Sims in
hey wow what a big panel Gap that is
several full millimeters between the
front glass and the display panel itself
of course that's how you get durability
like
this right okay no service let's give
let's give it a second here while we
wait why don't I tell you about our
sponsor dbrand oh God uh dbrand doesn't
sell anything for this phone and didn't
send us anything they just had to like
throw stuff at you oh why why with the
feathers why with the feathers where
could they buy good
skin no blur the sensor that sensor that
all right go get a dbrand skin they're
available for video game consoles phones
controllers laptops all kinds of devices
in a variety of styles quality no
residue we'll have them linked down
below why did we do this cuz they pay us
so far I've found support for MMS
messages you can tell it to receive them
automatically or prompt you to receive
them which can be nice if you're roaming
notifications yeah I mean that's it
messages calls and voicemail I wasn't
able to get an internet connection maybe
because it's not actually available in
North America wow well that looks
terrible if the original 3210 had a
camera that would probably be it okay
let's try a video yo what's up I'm just
filming on my Nokia
3210 this really does remind me of my
very first little like portable video
recording device that I had as a child
probably had similar specs 64 MB of ram
128 megab of internal storage on this
bad boy and a uniso t107 s so I guess
it's unit so I don't know but it does
support Facebook just through a browser
and that is not working on our device
but ooh snake wait
what this isn't what snake looks like if
you're going to have snake you should
just have original snake you know what I
don't mind the d-pad d-pad feels all
right you can go off the edge are you
messing with me you're messing with me
there's no way I'm not trying it I'm
getting the high score brother
no no way you can go off the edge that's
so stupid look how easily I can get out
of this box stupid oh I guess I'll just
easily get out of the box
again all right what else is on here
radio can confirm that is in fact what
listening to music was like insert
headset to get better performance ah
that's right it uses your headphone wire
as an antenna okay hold on that's a
feature not a bug why it gives you a
warning about listening at high volume
levels and then literally cranks it to 9
when you open the app I'm pretty sure it
wasn't at 9 before I plugged in the
headphones remarkably bad yeah this is a
dude this is a mess if lonus Media Group
ever reaches the point where we're
willing to license our brand to
shovelware producing companies like this
to just you know profit off of I mean it
can't even be that much profit let the
company die you know just put it out of
its misery all right I need to make a
phone call because realistically
everything I've said so far kind of
irrelevant right what it comes down to
is how good of a phone is it hi lady I'm
just calling you from this phone that
I'm trying out wow you know you know
what it supports
VTE and the call
Quality actually pretty good hold on can
I put you in speaker
no no that was a legitimate question I'm
not sure if I can put you on speaker one
moment oh yeah there we go yeah you're
you're on speaker you're on speaker can
you talk to me because for I didn't
realize that you put me on speaker just
based on me hearing your voice like it
sounded pretty consistent there's a lot
of sibling a little bit now though yeah
a lot of lot of siblin in the uh in the
speaker but it's it's loud it's pretty
clear as a phone not
bad but what about text no it doesn't
have predictive T9
if this doesn't have predictive T9 that
is actually trash okay so you go in the
settings okay then you hit the gear then
you get the option for predicted yeah
because that's a sensible place to put
that does he still got it does he
still wait what is that okay I'm pretty
slow this is the lowest effort
soundtrack ever literally ever
[Music]
is it meant to enrage
you couple specs that I didn't cover
they claim up to 9.8 hours of talk time
and multi-day standby time uh it has no
Wi-fi which is freaking hilarious and
considering you can get like a used
iPhone for not much more than like 150
bucks like find an accountabil budy get
them to set it up as like a kid device
and lock down all the apps for you or
something like if you can't trust
yourself at least you'll have a camera
that's worth taking pictures with
subscribe to Short Circuit see you later